Introduction of DefinedOnlyAttribute<T> (#86)
Qowaiv/qowaiv-validation: src/Qowaiv.Validation.DataAnnotations/README.md

```

### Defined enum values only

> The `[DefinedsOnly&lt;TEnum&gt;]` attribute limits the allowed values to defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[DefinedOnly<TEnum>]` attribute limits the allowed values to defined
```

enums only. By default it supports all possible combinations of defined enums 
when dealing with flags, but that can be restricted by setting 
`OnlyAllowDefinedFlagsCombinations` to true.

``` C#
public class Model
{

>     [DefinedOnly&lt;SomeEnum&gt;(OnlyAllowDefinedFlagsCombinations = false)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [DefinedOnly<SomeEnum>(OnlyAllowDefinedFlagsCombinations = false)]
```
